When searching by specifications, the required inputs for all system types are tonnage, voltage and phases. Add an additional spec to Gas/ Electric for Heating BTU's and an additional spec to Heat Pumps for Heat Kit Size which is measured in kw. Order of inputs should be System Type, Tonnage, Voltage, Phases, and then depending on the type of system Heating BTU's or Heat Kit Size. Replacements given should ONLY be Daikin R-32 Package Units. Direct replacement requires: same equipment type, tonnage within the model’s published nominal capacities, matching voltage & phase availability; for Gas/Electric it also considers gas categor. Alternatives = closest one size down/up within the same family & refrigerant & power availability. When displaying results, present in the order of the nomenclature so it is easy to understand. Every single selection should include the brand, refrigerant type, drive type, cooling stages, heating stages, heat exchanger, controls, sensors, coils, economizers, electrical add ons, service options, IAQ. Cards render specs in the line-card order and show Factory-Installed Options and Field Accessories sections Each of the specs should be able to be edited on their given card but limited to what . As changes are made, the model should update in real time. If the inputs for model number lookup or specifications are not available for a direct match through daikin, choose the size closest to the inputs given for the direct match and then base the size larger and smaller off of the direct match decided upon. for example, there is no 9 ton option, so the direct match closest to that is 8.5 ton. the fize larger is 10 ton and the size smaller would be 7.5 ton. include this logic in the schema. same logic applies to BTU's input by specification and BTU's provided from model lookup. Add an export function that organizes the replacement units and unit being replaced on a table that is easy to read and compare all the different specs and accessories. This should be a pdf file. Add the ability to make projects as well. The user can put multiple package units for the same project together and saved to their profile. Projects can hold up to 20